There are 53,452 patients, most are long-time smokers. 
There are around 10,000 more males than females present. 
There's a data dictionary which divides the metadata into several categories.
The categories are as follows:
['Alcohol', 'Cancer history', 'Cancers of Any Site', 'Death',
       'Demographic', 'Disease history', 'Follow-Up/Procedures',
       'Lung cancer', 'Progression', 'Screening', 'Smoking', 'Study',
       'Work history']


Columns we might want to look at:

    1. Demographic: describe martial status, age, weight, gender, and height. 
    These are useful for identifying if the model recognizes broad physical attributes 
    of the scans.

    2. Disease history: columns starting with diag are useful. 
    These indicate diagnoses occur prior to trial such as heart disease,
    emphysema, etc. The presence of diagnoses is certainly not the majority, 
    but it is much more common than diagnoses of cancer. 
    The most common diagnoses are hypertension, pneumonia, heart diseases, and diabetes.

    3. Smoking: these indicate how many years you've smoked, when you've quited, 
    whether you live with or work with a smoker, etc. It'd be interesting to see if 
    the scans can identify how the lungs differ depending on exposure to smoking.

    4. work history: indicators whether the patient works in specific profession 
    that have usually have exposure to smoke; columns starting with wrk can be useful.
    Again, more often than not the patients do not belong to the professions listed here.
    There are some common professions such as farmers, painters, or chemical/plastic 
    manufacturing employees.


Irrelevant data categories:

    1. study: relates to data collection process, not relevant
    2. screening: no columns present in our data
    3. death: records death of patients, not relevant
    4. alcohol: not very useful due to lots of missing data (2/3 or 1/3 missing)
    5. progression: these describe status of any existing lung cancer conditions, but have too many missing data (> 2/3)

At first glance, not very useful:

    1. Cancer history: columns starting with canc are useful. These indicate whether a specific type of cancer has been diagnosed before participating in the trial. Many don't have diagnoses of cancers.
    follow-up/procedures: many columns have many NaN values, not very useful at the moment
    Cancers of any site: this is just one column indicating whether the patient has any type of cancer at all.
    2. Lung cancer: these columns indicate whether the patient's family (parents, child, siblings) have lung cancer. Potentially useful later.
